Accelerator Documentation and remove hard-coded rg values (#497)
Azure/ALZ-Bicep: docs/wiki/ConsumerGuide.md

There are various ways to consume the Bicep modules included in `ALZ-Bicep`. The options are:

> - Utilize the [ALZ Bicep Accelerator and associated documentation](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/accelerator/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Utilize the [ALZ Bicep Accelerator and associated documentation](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/wiki/Accelerator)
```
